README.md, before:

# Broomling Stay Website Project

## Overview

Thank you for considering my submission for the Broomling Stay project. This document provides an overview of the project, instructions for setup, and insights into the design and development process.

## Project Description

Broomling Stay is a HTML/CSS website designed to replicate the user experience of Airbnb and includes essential pages for homepage, property listing, and property details.

## Table of Contents

- [Setup Instructions](#setup-instructions)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Live Demo](#live-demo)

# Setup Instructions

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/krushang123/broomling-stay.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

   ```bash
   cd broomling-stay
   ```

3. **Open the project:**

   - Open the `index.html` file in your preferred browser.
   - Alternatively, set up a local server to view the project.

# Project Structure

- `css/`: Stylesheets directory.
- `index.html`: Homepage of the Broomling Stay project.
- `property-listing.html`: Page displaying property listing.
- `property-detail.html`: Page showing details of a specific property.
- `README.md`: Project documentation containing setup instructions and information.

# Live Demo

For a live demo of the Broomling Stay project, please visit https://krushang123.github.io/broomling-stay/ or check the `index.html` file in your local environment.

Commit message:

fix overview section of readme file

README.md, after:

# Broomling Stay Website Project

## Overview

Thank you for exploring the Broomling Stay project! This section provides a concise overview of the project, along with essential information for setup and insights into the design and development process.

## Project Description

Broomling Stay is a HTML/CSS website designed to replicate the user experience of Airbnb and includes essential pages for homepage, property listing, and property details.

## Table of Contents

- [Setup Instructions](#setup-instructions)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Live Demo](#live-demo)

# Setup Instructions

1. **Clone the repository:**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/krushang123/broomling-stay.git
   ```

2. **Navigate to the project directory:**

   ```bash
   cd broomling-stay
   ```

3. **Open the project:**

   - Open the `index.html` file in your preferred browser.
   - Alternatively, set up a local server to view the project.

# Project Structure

- `css/`: Stylesheets directory.
- `index.html`: Homepage of the Broomling Stay project.
- `property-listing.html`: Page displaying property listing.
- `property-detail.html`: Page showing details of a specific property.
- `README.md`: Project documentation containing setup instructions and information.

# Live Demo

For a live demo of the Broomling Stay project, please visit https://krushang123.github.io/broomling-stay/ or check the `index.html` file in your local environment.
